make -f makearea > err
make -f makeas >> err
make -f makeattend >> err
make -f makebank >> err
make -f makebarg >> err
make -f makebfit >> err
make -f makecert >> err
make -f makeclass >> err
make -f makecomp >> err
make -f makedept >> err
make -f makeduct >> err
make -f makeearn >> err
make -f makegovn >> err
make -f makeinact >> err
make -f makeloan >> err
make -f makepayr >> err
make -f makepos >> err
make -f makeppm >> err
make -f makerel >> err
make -f makerpen >> err
make -f makesenp >> err
make -f makestat >> err
make -f makestpp >> err
make -f maketax >> err
make -f maketerm >> err
make -f makeuic >> err
make -f makeusrbarg >> err
make -f makevac >> err
make -f makeproc >> err
