make -f makemenu 2>err
make -f makemen2 2>>err
make -f makedisp 2>>err
make -f makejrls 2>>err
make -f makedefs 2>>err
make -f makereco 2>>err
make -f makedist 2>>err
make -f makesusr 2>>err
make -f makesize 2>>err
make -f makecfil 2>>err
make -f makem2i 2>>err
make -f makejrop 2>>err
make -f makerpgn 2>>err
make -f makeutlr 2>>err
make -f makeiutl 2>>err
make -f makeupro 2>>err
make -f makecvsc 2>> err
make -f makecvsu 2>> err
make -f makecvpo 2>> err
make -f makecvponf 2>> err
make -f makecvpoit 2>> err
make -f makerebd 2>> err
make -f makecvbh 2>> err
make -f makecvbi 2>> err
make -f makecvsk 2>> err
make -f makecvri 2>> err
make -f makecvst 2>> err
