make -f makeacct 2>err
make -f makecearn 2>>err
make -f makechgl 2>>err
make -f makechgl1 2>>err
make -f makecmnd 2>>err
make -f makecpcc 2>>err
make -f makecsbl 2>>err
make -f makectime 2>>err
make -f makeembe 2>>err
make -f makefixgl 2>>err
make -f makemass 2>>err
make -f makemchk 2>>err
make -f makemisc 2>>err
make -f makemoatt 2>>err
make -f makempde 2>>err
make -f makepchqb 2>>err
make -f makepers 2>>err
make -f makepradd 2>>err
make -f makereset 2>>err
make -f makeresetdt 2>>err
make -f makeresetgl 2>>err
make -f makeresp 2>>err
make -f maketemp 2>>err
make -f maketres 2>>err
make -f maketsp 2>>err
